Add blog post, cloud native sustainability week (#192)
cncf/tag-env-sustainability: website/content/blog/2023-09-cloud-native-sustainability-week.md

---
title: CNCF Cloud Native Sustainability Week 2023
description: Cloud Native Sustainability Week, organized by the CNCF community, is a global event in the second week of October focused on environmental sustainability in the cloud native space, featuring a global virtual event and 26 local meetups across 19 countries and 5 continents.
slug: 2023-cloud-native-sustainability-week
weight: 1
date:   2023-09-06 10:00:00 +0000
author: Leonard Pahlke, Kristina Devochko
---

<p class="mt-5 mb-5"><img src="/images/blogs/2023-09-cloud-native-sustainability-week/banner.png"></p>

The CNCF Technical Advisory Group for Environmental Sustainability (TAG ENV) is excited to announce the Cloud Native Sustainability Week 2023 and YOU are invited!

> Cloud Native Sustainability Week is a global event organized by the CNCF community that will take place during the second week of October (week 41). During the week, the community will come together to engage and discuss the emerging topic of environmental sustainability in the cloud native industry and open source space. In addition to the global virtual event organized by the CNCF TAG ENV, there will be 26 local meetups happening across 19 countries and 5 continents. Below, you may see a visual representation of all the local meetups that are being planned as we speak. If you would like to speak at any of the meetups, please submit your talk proposal here: <https://forms.gle/rEJfLG3a98EWJdmg7>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud Native Sustainability Week is a global event organized by the CNCF community that will take place during the second week of October (week 41). During the week, the community will come together to engage and discuss the emerging topic of environmental sustainability in the cloud native industry and open source space. In addition to the global virtual event organized by the CNCF TAG ENV, there will be 26 local meetups happening across 19 countries and 5 continents. Below, you may see a visual representation of all the local meetups that are being planned as as of this writing. If you would like to speak at any of the meetups, please submit your talk proposal here: <https://forms.gle/rEJfLG3a98EWJdmg7>.
```

Author: 👍 updated, thanks :)
